I promise my sister not to be fooled by my divine power, morning morning.
This is called breaking the void and solving the problem.
Only I can use such heaven-shaking divine power and you.
no. It can only be solved from breaking the void.
It seems that his power as a god is average.
Only our decent raw materials are good,
Take all his business and use me to transform the spirit into tranquility,
Wanting to miss him is like counter-calling. What's wrong
My divine power is down
It doesn’t count that you are great
It's just anti-human nonsense.
I promise to cooperate with you, okay?
Then from today on, you are no longer allowed to control my display.
I will never touch Chinese people again
We are unwilling to accept it
Originally, he was possessed by my divine power.
Just keep holding on to the woman
Hardware furnace makes divine power more powerful
I will be the master of China at that time
Beijiang God King
Only failed by me without any points
I am the king of heaven and will end up inside
He must be hiding inside and not daring to come out.
How can I let Xiu Yu go?
What happened to Mr. Duck about his chance for revenge?
You and I, Tiancheng, haven’t paid attention yet.
He became strong today
The hero offended the country Saidongfang
He's still hiding inside
Don't dare to come out
Tofang is also inside
he died mark
But if revenge has anything to do with Lin Jia, God says
Seeing Da Nailin’s head, yes Yang Er
You hurry up and knock him out for me.
I'll go right away